ci: add action for releasing new docker image and testing it (#640)
DeepRank/deeprank2: README.md

### Containerized Installation

We provide a pre-built Docker image hosted on GitHub Packages, allowing you to use DeepRank2 without worrying about installing dependencies or configuring your system. This is the recommended method for trying out the package quickly.

#### Pull and Run the Pre-build Docker Image (Recommended)

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) on your system, if not already installed.
- Pull the latest Docker image from GitHub Packages by running the following command:

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/deeprank/deeprank2:latest
```

- Run the container from the pulled image:

```bash
docker run -p 8888:8888 ghcr.io/deeprank/deeprank2:latest
```

- Once the container is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8888` to access the DeepRank2 application.

> From here, you can use DeepRank2, including running the tutorial notebooks. More details about the tutorials can be found [here](https://github.com/DeepRank/deeprank2/blob/main/tutorials/TUTORIAL.md). Note that the Docker container downloads only the raw PDB files required for the tutorials. To generate processed HDF5 files, you will need to run the `data_generation_xxx.ipynb` notebooks. Since Docker containers may have limited memory resources, we reduce the number of data points processed in the tutorials. To fully utilize the package, consider [installing it locally](#localremote-installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From here, you can use DeepRank2, including running the tutorial notebooks. More details about the tutorials can be found [here](https://github.com/DeepRank/deeprank2/blob/main/tutorials/TUTORIAL.md). Note that the Docker container downloads only the raw PDB files required for the tutorials. To generate processed HDF5 files, you will need to run the `data_generation_ppi.ipynb` and/or `data_generation_ppi.ipynb` notebooks. Since Docker containers may have limited memory resources, we reduce the number of data points processed in the tutorials. To fully utilize the package, consider [installing it locally](#localremote-installation).
```

#### Build the Docker Image Manually

If you prefer to build the Docker image yourself or run into issues with the pre-built image, you can manually build and run the container as follows:

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) on your system, if not already installed.
- Clone the DeepRank2 repository and navigate to its root directory:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DeepRank/deeprank2
cd deeprank2
```

- Build and run the Docker image:

```bash
docker build -t deeprank2 .
docker run -p 8888:8888 deeprank2
```

- Once the container is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8888` to access the DeepRank2 application.

#### Removing the Docker Image

> If you no longer need the Docker image (which can be quite large), you can remove it after stopping the container. Follow the [container stop instructions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/stop/) and [remove the image](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/image_rm/). For more general information on Docker, refer to the [official Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you no longer need the Docker image (which can be quite large), you can remove it after stopping the container. Follow the [container stop](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/stop/) and [remove the image](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/image_rm/) instructions. For more general information on Docker, refer to [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) directly.
```
